README.md, before:

# Posted Notes

## Introduction
Posted Notes is an ethical note-sharing platform that facilitates the legal exchange of student notes with the permission of instructors. It allows students to sell their notes online while ensuring that instructors have control over the content shared within their courses.

## Features
- User Profile: Users can create profiles including information about the courses they've taken, graduation date, college, etc.
- Verification Process: Users are required to verify their identity using their school ID to ensure accountability for their products.
- Instructor Profile: Instructors can create profiles detailing the courses they teach, and whether they allow note-sharing for those courses.
- Course Profile: Courses taught by instructors who allow note-sharing will be visible. Clicking on them will allow users to see uploaded notes (blurred until payment).
- Ratings: Buyers can rate sellers' notes, and average ratings will be displayed on user profiles to establish credibility.
- Payment Structure: Payment is facilitated through Visa, Plaid, or another API. The platform charges a 5% fee, with 95% going to the seller.

## Installation
1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/your-username/posted-notes.git`
2. Navigate to the backend directory: `cd posted-notes/backend`
3. Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. Run the backend server: `python app.py`
5. Open `index.html` in your browser to access the frontend.

## Usage
1. Create a user account and verify your identity.
2. Explore available courses and instructors.
3. Purchase notes from sellers.
4. Rate sellers based on the quality of their notes.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit pull requests for features you deem to be necessary for this project.

Commit message:

implemented user functions as well as course functions. deleted payment for later dev

README.md, after:

# Posted Notes

## Introduction
Posted Notes is an ethical note-sharing platform that facilitates the legal exchange of student notes with the permission of instructors. It allows students to sell their notes online while ensuring that instructors have control over the content shared within their courses.

## Features
- User Profile: Users can create profiles including information about the courses they've taken, graduation date, college, etc.
- Verification Process: Users are required to verify their identity using their school ID to ensure accountability for their products.
- Instructor Profile: Instructors can create profiles detailing the courses they teach, and whether they allow note-sharing for those courses.
- Course Profile: Courses taught by instructors who allow note-sharing will be visible. Clicking on them will allow users to see uploaded notes (blurred until payment).
- Ratings: Buyers can rate sellers' notes, and average ratings will be displayed on user profiles to establish credibility.
- Payment Structure: Payment is facilitated through Visa, Plaid, or another API. The platform charges a 5% fee, with 95% going to the seller.

## Installation
1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/your-username/posted-notes.git`
2. Navigate to the backend directory: `cd posted-notes/backend`
3. Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. Run the backend server: `python app.py`
5. Open `index.html` in your browser to access the frontend.

## Usage
1. Create a user account and verify your identity.
2. Explore available courses and instructors.
3. Purchase notes from sellers.
4. Rate sellers based on the quality of their notes.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit pull requests for features you deem to be necessary for this project. Currently, we are focussing on usability and functionality before assessing payment options.
